# kopper
spec@egl_chromium_sync_control@conformance@eglGetSyncValuesCHROMIUM_ust_test,Fail



glx@extension string sanity,Fail

# #6322
spec@arb_framebuffer_object@fbo-blit-scaled-linear,Fail

spec@arb_bindless_texture@compiler@samplers@arith-bound-sampler-texture2d.frag,Crash

spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@arb_gpu_shader_fp64-tf-separate,Fail
spec@arb_program_interface_query@arb_program_interface_query-getprogramresourceindex,Fail
spec@arb_program_interface_query@arb_program_interface_query-getprogramresourceindex@'vs_input2[1][0]' on GL_PROGRAM_INPUT,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@ignore-centroid-qualifier 2,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@ignore-centroid-qualifier 4,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@ignore-centroid-qualifier 6,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@ignore-centroid-qualifier 8,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@interpolate-at-sample-position 2,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@interpolate-at-sample-position 4,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@interpolate-at-sample-position 6,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@interpolate-at-sample-position 8,Fail

spec@arb_shader_texture_lod@execution@arb_shader_texture_lod-texgradcube,Fail
spec@arb_shading_language_packing@execution@built-in-functions@fs-packhalf2x16,Fail
spec@arb_shading_language_packing@execution@built-in-functions@vs-packhalf2x16,Fail
spec@arb_tessellation_shader@arb_tessellation_shader-tes-gs-max-output -small -scan 1 50,Crash

spec@egl 1.4@eglterminate then unbind context,Fail
spec@egl_chromium_sync_control@conformance@eglGetSyncValuesCHROMIUM_msc_and_sbc_test,Fail
spec@egl_khr_gl_image@egl_khr_gl_renderbuffer_image-clear-shared-image gl_depth_component24,Fail
spec@egl_khr_surfaceless_context@viewport,Fail

spec@glsl-1.10@execution@glsl-fs-inline-explosion,Crash
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@glsl-vs-inline-explosion,Crash
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@loops@glsl-fs-unroll-explosion,Crash
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@loops@glsl-vs-unroll-explosion,Crash

spec@glsl-1.10@execution@samplers@glsl-fs-shadow2d-clamp-z,Fail

spec@glsl-1.20@compiler@invalid-vec4-array-to-vec3-array-conversion.vert,Fail

spec@glsl-es-3.00@execution@built-in-functions@fs-packhalf2x16,Fail
spec@glsl-es-3.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-packhalf2x16,Fail
spec@khr_texture_compression_astc@miptree-gles srgb-fp,Fail
spec@khr_texture_compression_astc@miptree-gles srgb-fp@sRGB decode full precision,Fail
spec@khr_texture_compression_astc@miptree-gl srgb-fp,Fail
spec@khr_texture_compression_astc@miptree-gl srgb-fp@sRGB decode full precision,Fail
spec@khr_texture_compression_astc@sliced-3d-miptree-gles srgb-fp,Fail
spec@khr_texture_compression_astc@sliced-3d-miptree-gles srgb-fp@sRGB decode full precision,Fail
spec@khr_texture_compression_astc@sliced-3d-miptree-gl srgb-fp,Fail
spec@khr_texture_compression_astc@sliced-3d-miptree-gl srgb-fp@sRGB decode full precision,Fail
spec@oes_shader_io_blocks@compiler@layout-location-aliasing.vert,Fail

spec@!opengl 1.0@gl-1.0-no-op-paths,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-facing,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 0: Expected white pixel on bottom edge,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 0: Expected white pixel on left edge,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 0: Expected white pixel on right edge,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 0: Expected white pixel on top edge,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 0: Expected blue pixel in center,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 1: Expected blue pixel in center,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 2: Expected blue pixel in center,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 2: Expected white pixel on right edge,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 2: Expected white pixel on top edge,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 5: Expected blue pixel in center,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 6: Expected blue pixel in center,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 6: Expected white pixel on right edge,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 6: Expected white pixel on top edge,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.5@depth-tex-compare,Fail

spec@!opengl 2.0@vs-point_size-zero,Fail
spec@!opengl 2.1@pbo,Fail
spec@!opengl 2.1@pbo@test_polygon_stip,Fail
spec@!opengl 2.1@polygon-stipple-fs,Fail
spec@!opengl 3.0@clearbuffer-depth-cs-probe,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.0@rasterpos@glsl_vs_gs_linked,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.0@rasterpos@glsl_vs_tes_linked,Fail

# Introduced by a8d2b288eee3 ("ci/piglit: 2023-01-19 uprev")
spec@!opengl 1.1@line-smooth-stipple,Fail

# Delta over NAVI10
spec@!opengl 1.1@depthstencil-default_fb-blit samples=4,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@depthstencil-default_fb-copypixels samples=6,Fail

spec@ext_transform_feedback@tessellation quad_strip wireframe,Fail
spec@ext_transform_feedback@tessellation quads wireframe,Fail

# Regressed between 1080ff39717b92b99afcf51283bec3994deae376..ef01a9cf3b465889fe8084732264dad0580270c3
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2 all,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2 all@0.500000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2 all@1.000000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2 all@noms mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2 all@noms partition,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2 all@sample mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2@0.500000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2@1.000000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2@noms mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2@noms partition,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2@sample mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4 all,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4 all@0.250000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4 all@0.500000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4 all@1.000000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4 all@noms mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4 all@noms partition,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4 all@sample mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4@0.250000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4@0.500000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4@1.000000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4@noms mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4@noms partition,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4@sample mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6 all,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6 all@0.125000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6 all@0.250000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6 all@0.500000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6 all@1.000000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6 all@noms mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6 all@noms partition,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6 all@sample mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6@0.125000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6@0.250000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6@0.500000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6@1.000000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6@noms mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6@noms partition,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6@sample mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8 all,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8 all@0.125000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8 all@0.250000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8 all@0.500000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8 all@1.000000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8 all@noms mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8 all@noms partition,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8 all@sample mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8@0.125000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8@0.250000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8@0.500000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8@1.000000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8@noms mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8@noms partition,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8@sample mask_in_one,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@enable-flag,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 2 centroid-deriv-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 2 centroid-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 2 non-centroid-deriv-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 2 non-centroid-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 4 centroid-deriv-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 4 centroid-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 4 non-centroid-deriv-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 4 non-centroid-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 6 centroid-deriv-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 6 centroid-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 6 non-centroid-deriv-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 6 non-centroid-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 8 centroid-deriv-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 8 centroid-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 8 non-centroid-deriv-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 8 non-centroid-disabled,Fail

# Regression noticed in https://gitlab.freedesktop.org/mesa/mesa/-/pipelines/891104
spec@arb_viewport_array@display-list,Fail

dEQP-GLES3.functional.shaders.precision.uint.highp_div_fragment,Fail

spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-export,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-ownership_transfer,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-refcount,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_argb8888,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_ayuv,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_nv12,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_nv21,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_p010,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_p012,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_p016,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_uyvy,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_vyuy,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_xrgb8888,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_xyuv,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_y210,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_y212,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_y216,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_y410,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_y412,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_y416,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_yuv420,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_yvu420,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_yvyu,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-transcode-nv12-as-r8-gr88,Fail

# https://gitlab.freedesktop.org/mesa/mesa/-/issues/12496
# ../src/amd/vulkan/radv_shader_info.c:1559: gfx10_get_ngg_info: Assertion `max_esverts >= max_verts_per_prim && max_gsprims >= 1' failed.
spec@glsl-1.50@gs-max-output,Crash

spec@arb_sample_locations@test,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail


# Apparent regression during the gitlab migration.
# These tests were working in 5b11c3ff and are now all failing in ca722551.
KHR-GL46.gpu_shader5_gl.float_encoding,Fail
spec@amd_shader_trinary_minmax@execution@built-in-functions@vs-max3-float-float-float,Fail
spec@amd_shader_trinary_minmax@execution@built-in-functions@vs-max3-vec2-vec2-vec2,Fail
spec@amd_shader_trinary_minmax@execution@built-in-functions@vs-max3-vec3-vec3-vec3,Fail
spec@amd_shader_trinary_minmax@execution@built-in-functions@vs-max3-vec4-vec4-vec4,Fail
spec@amd_shader_trinary_minmax@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mid3-float-float-float,Fail
spec@amd_shader_trinary_minmax@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mid3-vec2-vec2-vec2,Fail
spec@amd_shader_trinary_minmax@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mid3-vec3-vec3-vec3,Fail
spec@amd_shader_trinary_minmax@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mid3-vec4-vec4-vec4,Fail
spec@amd_shader_trinary_minmax@execution@built-in-functions@vs-min3-float-float-float,Fail
spec@amd_shader_trinary_minmax@execution@built-in-functions@vs-min3-vec2-vec2-vec2,Fail
spec@amd_shader_trinary_minmax@execution@built-in-functions@vs-min3-vec3-vec3-vec3,Fail
spec@amd_shader_trinary_minmax@execution@built-in-functions@vs-min3-vec4-vec4-vec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-abs-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-abs-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-abs-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-abs-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-ceil-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-ceil-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-ceil-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-ceil-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-clamp-double-double-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-clamp-dvec2-double-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-clamp-dvec2-dvec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-clamp-dvec3-double-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-clamp-dvec3-dvec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-clamp-dvec4-double-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-clamp-dvec4-dvec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-cross-dvec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-determinant-dmat2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-determinant-dmat3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-determinant-dmat4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-distance-double-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-distance-dvec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-distance-dvec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-distance-dvec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-dot-double-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-dot-dvec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-dot-dvec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-dot-dvec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-faceforward-double-double-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-faceforward-dvec2-dvec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-faceforward-dvec3-dvec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-faceforward-dvec4-dvec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-floor-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-floor-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-floor-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-floor-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-fract-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-fract-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-fract-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-fract-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-inverse-dmat2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-inverse-dmat3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-inverse-dmat4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-inversesqrt-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-inversesqrt-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-inversesqrt-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-inversesqrt-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-length-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-length-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-length-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-length-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-matrixcompmult-dmat2-dmat2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-matrixcompmult-dmat2x3-dmat2x3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-matrixcompmult-dmat2x4-dmat2x4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-matrixcompmult-dmat3-dmat3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-matrixcompmult-dmat3x2-dmat3x2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-matrixcompmult-dmat3x4-dmat3x4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-matrixcompmult-dmat4-dmat4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-matrixcompmult-dmat4x2-dmat4x2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-matrixcompmult-dmat4x3-dmat4x3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-max-double-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-max-dvec2-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-max-dvec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-max-dvec3-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-max-dvec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-max-dvec4-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-max-dvec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-min-double-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-min-dvec2-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-min-dvec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-min-dvec3-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-min-dvec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-min-dvec4-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-min-dvec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mix-double-double-bool,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mix-double-double-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mix-dvec2-dvec2-bvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mix-dvec2-dvec2-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mix-dvec2-dvec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mix-dvec3-dvec3-bvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mix-dvec3-dvec3-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mix-dvec3-dvec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mix-dvec4-dvec4-bvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mix-dvec4-dvec4-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mix-dvec4-dvec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mod-double-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mod-dvec2-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mod-dvec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mod-dvec3-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mod-dvec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mod-dvec4-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mod-dvec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-normalize-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-normalize-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-normalize-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-normalize-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dmat2-dmat2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dmat2-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dmat2x3-dmat2x3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dmat2x3-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dmat2x4-dmat2x4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dmat2x4-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dmat3-dmat3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dmat3-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dmat3x2-dmat3x2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dmat3x2-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dmat3x4-dmat3x4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dmat3x4-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dmat4-dmat4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dmat4-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dmat4x2-dmat4x2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dmat4x2-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dmat4x3-dmat4x3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dmat4x3-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-double-dmat2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-double-dmat2x3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-double-dmat2x4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-double-dmat3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-double-dmat3x2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-double-dmat3x4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-double-dmat4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-double-dmat4x2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-double-dmat4x3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-double-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-double-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-double-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-double-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dvec2-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dvec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dvec3-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dvec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dvec4-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dvec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dmat2-dmat2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dmat2-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dmat2x3-dmat2x3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dmat2x3-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dmat2x4-dmat2x4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dmat2x4-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dmat3-dmat3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dmat3-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dmat3x2-dmat3x2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dmat3x2-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dmat3x4-dmat3x4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dmat3x4-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dmat4-dmat4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dmat4-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dmat4x2-dmat4x2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dmat4x2-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dmat4x3-dmat4x3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dmat4x3-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-double-dmat2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-double-dmat2x3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-double-dmat2x4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-double-dmat3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-double-dmat3x2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-double-dmat3x4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-double-dmat4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-double-dmat4x2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-double-dmat4x3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-double-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-double-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-double-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-double-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dvec2-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dvec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dvec3-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dvec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dvec4-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dvec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat2-dmat2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat2-dmat3x2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat2-dmat4x2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat2-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat2-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat2x3-dmat2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat2x3-dmat3x2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat2x3-dmat4x2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat2x3-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat2x3-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat2x4-dmat2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat2x4-dmat3x2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat2x4-dmat4x2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat2x4-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat2x4-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat3-dmat2x3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat3-dmat3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat3-dmat4x3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat3-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat3-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat3x2-dmat2x3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat3x2-dmat3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat3x2-dmat4x3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat3x2-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat3x2-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat3x4-dmat2x3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat3x4-dmat3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat3x4-dmat4x3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat3x4-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat3x4-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat4-dmat2x4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat4-dmat3x4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat4-dmat4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat4-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat4-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat4x2-dmat2x4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat4x2-dmat3x4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat4x2-dmat4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat4x2-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat4x2-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat4x3-dmat2x4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat4x3-dmat3x4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat4x3-dmat4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat4x3-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat4x3-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-double-dmat2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-double-dmat2x3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-double-dmat2x4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-double-dmat3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-double-dmat3x2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-double-dmat3x4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-double-dmat4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-double-dmat4x2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-double-dmat4x3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-double-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-double-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-double-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-double-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dvec2-dmat2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dvec2-dmat3x2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dvec2-dmat4x2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dvec2-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dvec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dvec3-dmat2x3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dvec3-dmat3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dvec3-dmat4x3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dvec3-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dvec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dvec4-dmat2x4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dvec4-dmat3x4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dvec4-dmat4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dvec4-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dvec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dmat2-dmat2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dmat2-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dmat2x3-dmat2x3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dmat2x3-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dmat2x4-dmat2x4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dmat2x4-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dmat3-dmat3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dmat3-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dmat3x2-dmat3x2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dmat3x2-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dmat3x4-dmat3x4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dmat3x4-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dmat4-dmat4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dmat4-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dmat4x2-dmat4x2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dmat4x2-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dmat4x3-dmat4x3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dmat4x3-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-double-dmat2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-double-dmat2x3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-double-dmat2x4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-double-dmat3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-double-dmat3x2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-double-dmat3x4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-double-dmat4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-double-dmat4x2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-double-dmat4x3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-double-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-double-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-double-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-double-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dvec2-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dvec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dvec3-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dvec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dvec4-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dvec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-outerproduct-dvec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-outerproduct-dvec2-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-outerproduct-dvec2-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-outerproduct-dvec3-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-outerproduct-dvec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-outerproduct-dvec3-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-outerproduct-dvec4-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-outerproduct-dvec4-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-outerproduct-dvec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-reflect-double-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-reflect-dvec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-reflect-dvec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-reflect-dvec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-refract-double-double-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-refract-dvec2-dvec2-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-refract-dvec3-dvec3-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-refract-dvec4-dvec4-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-round-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-round-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-round-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-round-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-roundeven-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-roundeven-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-roundeven-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-roundeven-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-sign-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-sign-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-sign-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-sign-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-smoothstep-double-double-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-smoothstep-double-double-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-smoothstep-double-double-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-smoothstep-double-double-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-smoothstep-dvec2-dvec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-smoothstep-dvec3-dvec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-smoothstep-dvec4-dvec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-sqrt-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-sqrt-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-sqrt-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-sqrt-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-step-double-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-step-double-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-step-double-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-step-double-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-step-dvec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-step-dvec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-step-dvec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-transpose-dmat2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-transpose-dmat2x3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-transpose-dmat2x4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-transpose-dmat3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-transpose-dmat3x2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-transpose-dmat3x4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-transpose-dmat4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-transpose-dmat4x2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-transpose-dmat4x3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-trunc-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-trunc-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-trunc-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-trunc-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-bool-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-bvec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-bvec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-bvec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-double-bool,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-double-float,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-dvec2-bvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-dvec2-vec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-dvec3-bvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-dvec3-vec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-dvec4-bvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-dvec4-vec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-float-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-int-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-ivec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-ivec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-ivec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-uint-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-uvec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-uvec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-uvec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-vec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-vec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-vec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_int64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-ge-int64_t-int64_t-using-if,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_int64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-ge-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_int64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-gt-int64_t-int64_t-using-if,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_int64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-gt-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_int64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-le-int64_t-int64_t-using-if,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_int64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-le-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_int64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-lt-int64_t-int64_t-using-if,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_int64@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-lt-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_int64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-i64vec2-vec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_int64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-i64vec3-vec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_int64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-i64vec4-vec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_int64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-int64_t-float,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_int64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-u64vec2-vec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_int64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-u64vec3-vec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_int64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-u64vec4-vec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_int64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-uint64_t-float,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_int64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-i64vec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_int64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-i64vec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_int64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-i64vec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_int64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-int64_t-double,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_int64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-u64vec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_int64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-u64vec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_int64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-u64vec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_int64@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-uint64_t-double,Fail
spec@arb_shader_precision@vs-degrees-float,Fail
spec@arb_shader_precision@vs-exp-float,Fail
spec@arb_shader_precision@vs-exp2-float,Fail
spec@arb_shader_precision@vs-fma-float-float-float,Fail
spec@arb_shader_precision@vs-inversesqrt-float,Fail
spec@arb_shader_precision@vs-log-float,Fail
spec@arb_shader_precision@vs-log2-float,Fail
spec@arb_shader_precision@vs-manual-fma-float-float-float,Fail
spec@arb_shader_precision@vs-op-add-float-float,Fail
spec@arb_shader_precision@vs-op-assign-add-float-float,Fail
spec@arb_shader_precision@vs-op-assign-div-float-float,Fail
spec@arb_shader_precision@vs-op-assign-mult-float-float,Fail
spec@arb_shader_precision@vs-op-assign-sub-float-float,Fail
spec@arb_shader_precision@vs-op-div-float-float,Fail
spec@arb_shader_precision@vs-op-mult-float-float,Fail
spec@arb_shader_precision@vs-op-sub-float-float,Fail
spec@arb_shader_precision@vs-pow-float-float,Fail
spec@arb_shader_precision@vs-radians-float,Fail
spec@arb_shader_precision@vs-sqrt-float,Fail
spec@arb_shading_language_packing@execution@built-in-functions@vs-unpackhalf2x16,Fail
spec@arb_shading_language_packing@execution@built-in-functions@vs-unpacksnorm2x16,Fail
spec@arb_shading_language_packing@execution@built-in-functions@vs-unpacksnorm4x8,Fail
spec@arb_shading_language_packing@execution@built-in-functions@vs-unpackunorm2x16,Fail
spec@arb_shading_language_packing@execution@built-in-functions@vs-unpackunorm4x8,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-abs-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-abs-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-abs-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-abs-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-acos-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-acos-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-acos-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-acos-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-asin-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-asin-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-asin-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-asin-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-atan-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-atan-float-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-atan-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-atan-vec2-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-atan-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-atan-vec3-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-atan-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-atan-vec4-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-ceil-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-ceil-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-ceil-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-ceil-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-clamp-float-float-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-clamp-vec2-float-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-clamp-vec2-vec2-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-clamp-vec3-float-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-clamp-vec3-vec3-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-clamp-vec4-float-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-clamp-vec4-vec4-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-cos-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-cos-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-cos-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-cos-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-cross-vec3-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-degrees-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-degrees-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-degrees-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-degrees-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-distance-float-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-distance-vec2-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-distance-vec3-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-distance-vec4-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-dot-float-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-dot-vec2-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-dot-vec3-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-dot-vec4-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-exp-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-exp-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-exp-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-exp-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-exp2-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-exp2-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-exp2-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-exp2-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-faceforward-float-float-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-faceforward-vec2-vec2-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-faceforward-vec3-vec3-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-faceforward-vec4-vec4-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-floor-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-floor-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-floor-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-floor-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-fract-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-fract-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-fract-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-fract-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-inversesqrt-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-inversesqrt-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-inversesqrt-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-inversesqrt-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-length-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-length-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-length-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-length-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-log-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-log-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-log-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-log-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-log2-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-log2-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-log2-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-log2-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-matrixcompmult-mat2-mat2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-matrixcompmult-mat3-mat3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-matrixcompmult-mat4-mat4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-max-float-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-max-vec2-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-max-vec2-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-max-vec3-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-max-vec3-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-max-vec4-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-max-vec4-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-min-float-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-min-vec2-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-min-vec2-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-min-vec3-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-min-vec3-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-min-vec4-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-min-vec4-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mix-float-float-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mix-vec2-vec2-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mix-vec2-vec2-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mix-vec3-vec3-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mix-vec3-vec3-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mix-vec4-vec4-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mix-vec4-vec4-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mod-float-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mod-vec2-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mod-vec2-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mod-vec3-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mod-vec3-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mod-vec4-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mod-vec4-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-normalize-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-normalize-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-normalize-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-normalize-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-float-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-float-mat2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-float-mat3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-float-mat4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-float-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-float-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-float-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-mat2-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-mat2-mat2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-mat3-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-mat3-mat3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-mat4-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-mat4-mat4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-vec2-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-vec2-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-vec3-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-vec3-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-vec4-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-vec4-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-add-float-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-add-mat2-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-add-mat2-mat2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-add-mat3-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-add-mat3-mat3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-add-mat4-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-add-mat4-mat4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-add-vec2-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-add-vec2-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-add-vec3-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-add-vec3-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-add-vec4-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-add-vec4-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-div-float-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-div-mat2-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-div-mat2-mat2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-div-mat3-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-div-mat3-mat3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-div-mat4-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-div-mat4-mat4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-div-vec2-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-div-vec2-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-div-vec3-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-div-vec3-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-div-vec4-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-div-vec4-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-mult-float-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-mult-mat2-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-mult-mat2-mat2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-mult-mat3-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-mult-mat3-mat3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-mult-mat4-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-mult-mat4-mat4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-mult-vec2-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-mult-vec2-mat2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-mult-vec2-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-mult-vec3-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-mult-vec3-mat3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-mult-vec3-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-mult-vec4-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-mult-vec4-mat4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-mult-vec4-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-sub-float-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-sub-mat2-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-sub-mat2-mat2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-sub-mat3-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-sub-mat3-mat3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-sub-mat4-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-sub-mat4-mat4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-sub-vec2-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-sub-vec2-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-sub-vec3-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-sub-vec3-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-sub-vec4-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-sub-vec4-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-float-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-float-mat2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-float-mat3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-float-mat4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-float-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-float-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-float-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-mat2-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-mat2-mat2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-mat3-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-mat3-mat3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-mat4-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-mat4-mat4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-vec2-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-vec2-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-vec3-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-vec3-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-vec4-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-vec4-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-eq-float-float-using-if,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-eq-mat2-mat2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-eq-mat2-mat2-using-if,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-eq-mat3-mat3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-eq-mat3-mat3-using-if,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-eq-mat4-mat4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-eq-mat4-mat4-using-if,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-eq-vec2-vec2-using-if,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-eq-vec3-vec3-using-if,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-eq-vec4-vec4-using-if,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-ge-float-float-using-if,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-gt-float-float-using-if,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-le-float-float-using-if,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-lt-float-float-using-if,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-float-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-float-mat2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-float-mat3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-float-mat4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-float-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-float-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-float-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat2-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat2-mat2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat2-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat3-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat3-mat3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat3-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat4-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat4-mat4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat4-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-vec2-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-vec2-mat2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-vec2-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-vec3-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-vec3-mat3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-vec3-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-vec4-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-vec4-mat4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-vec4-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-ne-float-float-using-if,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-ne-mat2-mat2-using-if,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-ne-mat3-mat3-using-if,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-ne-mat4-mat4-using-if,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-ne-vec2-vec2-using-if,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-ne-vec3-vec3-using-if,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-ne-vec4-vec4-using-if,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-neg-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-neg-mat2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-neg-mat3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-neg-mat4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-neg-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-neg-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-neg-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-selection-bool-float-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-selection-bool-mat2-mat2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-selection-bool-mat3-mat3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-selection-bool-mat4-mat4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-selection-bool-vec2-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-selection-bool-vec3-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-selection-bool-vec4-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-float-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-float-mat2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-float-mat3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-float-mat4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-float-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-float-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-float-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-mat2-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-mat2-mat2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-mat3-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-mat3-mat3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-mat4-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-mat4-mat4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-vec2-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-vec2-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-vec3-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-vec3-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-vec4-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-vec4-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-uplus-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-uplus-mat2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-uplus-mat3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-uplus-mat4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-uplus-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-uplus-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-uplus-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-pow-float-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-pow-vec2-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-pow-vec3-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-pow-vec4-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-radians-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-radians-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-radians-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-radians-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-reflect-float-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-reflect-vec2-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-reflect-vec3-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-reflect-vec4-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-refract-float-float-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-refract-vec2-vec2-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-refract-vec3-vec3-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-refract-vec4-vec4-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-sign-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-sign-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-sign-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-sign-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-sin-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-sin-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-sin-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-sin-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-smoothstep-float-float-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-smoothstep-float-float-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-smoothstep-float-float-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-smoothstep-float-float-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-smoothstep-vec2-vec2-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-smoothstep-vec3-vec3-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-smoothstep-vec4-vec4-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-sqrt-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-sqrt-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-sqrt-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-sqrt-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-step-float-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-step-float-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-step-float-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-step-float-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-step-vec2-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-step-vec3-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-step-vec4-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-tan-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-tan-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-tan-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@built-in-functions@vs-tan-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@loops@glsl-vs-loop-300,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat2-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat2-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat2-col-row-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat2-col-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat2-index-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat2-index-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat2-index-col-row-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat2-index-col-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat2-index-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat2-index-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat2-index-row-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat2-index-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat2-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat2-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat2-row-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat2-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat3-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat3-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat3-col-row-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat3-col-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat3-index-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat3-index-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat3-index-col-row-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat3-index-col-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat3-index-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat3-index-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat3-index-row-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat3-index-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat3-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat3-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat3-row-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat3-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat4-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat4-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat4-col-row-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat4-col-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat4-index-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat4-index-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat4-index-col-row-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat4-index-col-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat4-index-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat4-index-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat4-index-row-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat4-index-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat4-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat4-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat4-row-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat4-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat2-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat2-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat2-col-row-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat2-col-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat2-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat2-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat2-row-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat2-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat3-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat3-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat3-col-row-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat3-col-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat3-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat3-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat3-row-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat3-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat4-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat4-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat4-col-row-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat4-col-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat4-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat4-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat4-row-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat4-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat2-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat2-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat2-index-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat2-index-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat2-index-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat2-index-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat2-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat2-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat3-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat3-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat3-index-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat3-index-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat3-index-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat3-index-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat3-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat3-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat4-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat4-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat4-index-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat4-index-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat4-index-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat4-index-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat4-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat4-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-mat2-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-mat2-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-mat2-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-mat2-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-mat3-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-mat3-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-mat3-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-mat3-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-mat4-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-mat4-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-mat4-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-mat4-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat2-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat2-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat2-index-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat2-index-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat2-index-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat2-index-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat2-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat2-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat3-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat3-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat3-index-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat3-index-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat3-index-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat3-index-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat3-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat3-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat4-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat4-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat4-index-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat4-index-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat4-index-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat4-index-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat4-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat4-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-mat2-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-mat2-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-mat2-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-mat2-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-mat3-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-mat3-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-mat3-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-mat3-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-mat4-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-mat4-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-mat4-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-mat4-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-matrixcompmult-mat2x3-mat2x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-matrixcompmult-mat2x4-mat2x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-matrixcompmult-mat3x2-mat3x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-matrixcompmult-mat3x4-mat3x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-matrixcompmult-mat4x2-mat4x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-matrixcompmult-mat4x3-mat4x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-float-mat2x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-float-mat2x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-float-mat3x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-float-mat3x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-float-mat4x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-float-mat4x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-mat2x3-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-mat2x3-mat2x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-mat2x4-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-mat2x4-mat2x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-mat3x2-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-mat3x2-mat3x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-mat3x4-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-mat3x4-mat3x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-mat4x2-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-mat4x2-mat4x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-mat4x3-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-mat4x3-mat4x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-add-mat2x3-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-add-mat2x3-mat2x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-add-mat2x4-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-add-mat2x4-mat2x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-add-mat3x2-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-add-mat3x2-mat3x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-add-mat3x4-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-add-mat3x4-mat3x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-add-mat4x2-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-add-mat4x2-mat4x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-add-mat4x3-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-add-mat4x3-mat4x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-div-mat2x3-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-div-mat2x3-mat2x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-div-mat2x4-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-div-mat2x4-mat2x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-div-mat3x2-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-div-mat3x2-mat3x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-div-mat3x4-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-div-mat3x4-mat3x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-div-mat4x2-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-div-mat4x2-mat4x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-div-mat4x3-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-div-mat4x3-mat4x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-mult-mat2x3-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-mult-mat2x3-mat2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-mult-mat2x4-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-mult-mat2x4-mat2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-mult-mat3x2-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-mult-mat3x2-mat3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-mult-mat3x4-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-mult-mat3x4-mat3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-mult-mat4x2-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-mult-mat4x2-mat4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-mult-mat4x3-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-mult-mat4x3-mat4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-sub-mat2x3-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-sub-mat2x3-mat2x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-sub-mat2x4-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-sub-mat2x4-mat2x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-sub-mat3x2-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-sub-mat3x2-mat3x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-sub-mat3x4-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-sub-mat3x4-mat3x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-sub-mat4x2-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-sub-mat4x2-mat4x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-sub-mat4x3-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-assign-sub-mat4x3-mat4x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-float-mat2x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-float-mat2x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-float-mat3x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-float-mat3x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-float-mat4x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-float-mat4x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-mat2x3-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-mat2x3-mat2x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-mat2x4-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-mat2x4-mat2x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-mat3x2-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-mat3x2-mat3x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-mat3x4-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-mat3x4-mat3x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-mat4x2-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-mat4x2-mat4x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-mat4x3-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-mat4x3-mat4x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-eq-mat2x3-mat2x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-eq-mat2x3-mat2x3-using-if,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-eq-mat2x4-mat2x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-eq-mat2x4-mat2x4-using-if,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-eq-mat3x2-mat3x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-eq-mat3x2-mat3x2-using-if,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-eq-mat3x4-mat3x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-eq-mat3x4-mat3x4-using-if,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-eq-mat4x2-mat4x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-eq-mat4x2-mat4x2-using-if,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-eq-mat4x3-mat4x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-eq-mat4x3-mat4x3-using-if,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-float-mat2x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-float-mat2x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-float-mat3x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-float-mat3x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-float-mat4x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-float-mat4x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat2-mat3x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat2-mat4x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat2x3-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat2x3-mat2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat2x3-mat3x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat2x3-mat4x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat2x3-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat2x4-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat2x4-mat2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat2x4-mat3x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat2x4-mat4x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat2x4-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat3-mat2x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat3-mat4x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat3x2-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat3x2-mat2x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat3x2-mat3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat3x2-mat4x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat3x2-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat3x4-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat3x4-mat2x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat3x4-mat3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat3x4-mat4x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat3x4-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat4-mat2x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat4-mat3x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat4x2-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat4x2-mat2x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat4x2-mat3x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat4x2-mat4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat4x2-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat4x3-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat4x3-mat2x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat4x3-mat3x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat4x3-mat4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-mat4x3-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-vec2-mat3x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-vec2-mat4x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-vec3-mat2x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-vec3-mat4x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-vec4-mat2x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-vec4-mat3x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-ne-mat2x3-mat2x3-using-if,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-ne-mat2x4-mat2x4-using-if,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-ne-mat3x2-mat3x2-using-if,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-ne-mat3x4-mat3x4-using-if,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-ne-mat4x2-mat4x2-using-if,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-ne-mat4x3-mat4x3-using-if,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-neg-mat2x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-neg-mat2x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-neg-mat3x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-neg-mat3x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-neg-mat4x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-neg-mat4x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-selection-bool-mat2x3-mat2x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-selection-bool-mat2x4-mat2x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-selection-bool-mat3x2-mat3x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-selection-bool-mat3x4-mat3x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-selection-bool-mat4x2-mat4x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-selection-bool-mat4x3-mat4x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-float-mat2x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-float-mat2x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-float-mat3x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-float-mat3x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-float-mat4x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-float-mat4x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-mat2x3-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-mat2x3-mat2x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-mat2x4-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-mat2x4-mat2x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-mat3x2-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-mat3x2-mat3x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-mat3x4-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-mat3x4-mat3x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-mat4x2-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-mat4x2-mat4x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-mat4x3-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-mat4x3-mat4x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-uplus-mat2x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-uplus-mat2x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-uplus-mat3x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-uplus-mat3x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-uplus-mat4x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-uplus-mat4x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-outerproduct-vec2-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-outerproduct-vec2-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-outerproduct-vec2-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-outerproduct-vec3-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-outerproduct-vec3-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-outerproduct-vec3-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-outerproduct-vec4-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-outerproduct-vec4-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-outerproduct-vec4-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-transpose-mat2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-transpose-mat2x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-transpose-mat2x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-transpose-mat3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-transpose-mat3x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-transpose-mat3x4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-transpose-mat4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-transpose-mat4x2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-transpose-mat4x3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@uniform-initializer@vs-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@uniform-initializer@vs-float-array,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@uniform-initializer@vs-float-from-const,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@uniform-initializer@vs-float-set-by-api,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@uniform-initializer@vs-float-set-by-other-stage,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@uniform-initializer@vs-structure,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@uniform-initializer@vs-structure-array,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat2-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat2-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat2-col-row-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat2-col-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat2-index-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat2-index-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat2-index-col-row-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat2-index-col-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat2-index-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat2-index-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat2-index-row-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat2-index-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat2-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat2-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat2-row-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat2-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat3-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat3-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat3-col-row-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat3-col-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat3-index-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat3-index-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat3-index-col-row-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat3-index-col-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat3-index-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat3-index-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat3-index-row-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat3-index-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat3-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat3-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat3-row-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat3-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat4-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat4-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat4-col-row-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat4-col-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat4-index-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat4-index-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat4-index-col-row-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat4-index-col-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat4-index-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat4-index-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat4-index-row-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat4-index-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat4-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat4-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat4-row-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-array-mat4-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat2-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat2-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat2-col-row-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat2-col-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat2-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat2-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat2-row-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat2-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat3-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat3-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat3-col-row-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat3-col-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat3-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat3-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat3-row-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat3-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat4-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat4-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat4-col-row-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat4-col-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat4-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat4-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat4-row-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-temp-mat4-wr,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat2-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat2-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat2-index-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat2-index-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat2-index-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat2-index-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat2-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat2-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat3-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat3-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat3-index-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat3-index-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat3-index-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat3-index-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat3-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat3-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat4-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat4-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat4-index-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat4-index-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat4-index-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat4-index-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat4-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-array-mat4-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-mat2-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-mat2-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-mat2-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-mat2-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-mat3-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-mat3-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-mat3-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-mat3-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-mat4-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-mat4-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-mat4-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-uniform-mat4-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat2-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat2-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat2-index-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat2-index-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat2-index-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat2-index-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat2-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat2-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat3-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat3-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat3-index-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat3-index-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat3-index-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat3-index-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat3-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat3-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat4-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat4-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat4-index-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat4-index-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat4-index-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat4-index-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat4-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-array-mat4-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-mat2-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-mat2-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-mat2-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-mat2-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-mat3-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-mat3-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-mat3-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-mat3-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-mat4-col-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-mat4-col-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-mat4-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-mat4-row-rd,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-acosh-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-acosh-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-acosh-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-acosh-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-asinh-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-asinh-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-asinh-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-asinh-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-atanh-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-atanh-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-atanh-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-atanh-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-cosh-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-cosh-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-cosh-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-cosh-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mix-float-float-bool,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mix-vec2-vec2-bvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mix-vec3-vec3-bvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mix-vec4-vec4-bvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-round-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-round-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-round-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-round-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-roundeven-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-roundeven-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-roundeven-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-roundeven-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-sinh-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-sinh-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-sinh-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-sinh-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-tanh-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-tanh-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-tanh-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-tanh-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-trunc-float,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-trunc-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-trunc-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@built-in-functions@vs-trunc-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.40@execution@built-in-functions@vs-inverse-mat2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.40@execution@built-in-functions@vs-inverse-mat3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.40@execution@built-in-functions@vs-inverse-mat4,Fail
spec@glsl-1.50@execution@built-in-functions@vs-determinant-mat2,Fail
spec@glsl-1.50@execution@built-in-functions@vs-determinant-mat3,Fail
spec@glsl-1.50@execution@built-in-functions@vs-determinant-mat4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-abs-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-abs-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-abs-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-abs-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-ceil-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-ceil-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-ceil-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-ceil-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-clamp-double-double-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-clamp-dvec2-double-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-clamp-dvec2-dvec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-clamp-dvec3-double-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-clamp-dvec3-dvec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-clamp-dvec4-double-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-clamp-dvec4-dvec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-cross-dvec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-determinant-dmat2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-determinant-dmat3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-determinant-dmat4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-distance-double-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-distance-dvec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-distance-dvec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-distance-dvec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-dot-double-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-dot-dvec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-dot-dvec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-dot-dvec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-faceforward-double-double-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-faceforward-dvec2-dvec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-faceforward-dvec3-dvec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-faceforward-dvec4-dvec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-floor-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-floor-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-floor-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-floor-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-fract-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-fract-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-fract-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-fract-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-inverse-dmat2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-inverse-dmat3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-inverse-dmat4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-inversesqrt-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-inversesqrt-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-inversesqrt-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-inversesqrt-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-length-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-length-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-length-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-length-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-matrixcompmult-dmat2-dmat2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-matrixcompmult-dmat2x3-dmat2x3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-matrixcompmult-dmat2x4-dmat2x4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-matrixcompmult-dmat3-dmat3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-matrixcompmult-dmat3x2-dmat3x2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-matrixcompmult-dmat3x4-dmat3x4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-matrixcompmult-dmat4-dmat4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-matrixcompmult-dmat4x2-dmat4x2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-matrixcompmult-dmat4x3-dmat4x3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-max-double-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-max-dvec2-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-max-dvec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-max-dvec3-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-max-dvec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-max-dvec4-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-max-dvec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-min-double-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-min-dvec2-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-min-dvec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-min-dvec3-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-min-dvec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-min-dvec4-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-min-dvec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mix-double-double-bool,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mix-double-double-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mix-dvec2-dvec2-bvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mix-dvec2-dvec2-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mix-dvec2-dvec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mix-dvec3-dvec3-bvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mix-dvec3-dvec3-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mix-dvec3-dvec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mix-dvec4-dvec4-bvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mix-dvec4-dvec4-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mix-dvec4-dvec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mod-double-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mod-dvec2-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mod-dvec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mod-dvec3-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mod-dvec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mod-dvec4-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-mod-dvec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-normalize-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-normalize-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-normalize-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-normalize-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dmat2-dmat2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dmat2-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dmat2x3-dmat2x3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dmat2x3-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dmat2x4-dmat2x4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dmat2x4-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dmat3-dmat3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dmat3-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dmat3x2-dmat3x2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dmat3x2-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dmat3x4-dmat3x4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dmat3x4-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dmat4-dmat4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dmat4-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dmat4x2-dmat4x2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dmat4x2-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dmat4x3-dmat4x3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dmat4x3-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-double-dmat2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-double-dmat2x3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-double-dmat2x4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-double-dmat3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-double-dmat3x2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-double-dmat3x4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-double-dmat4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-double-dmat4x2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-double-dmat4x3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-double-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-double-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-double-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-double-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dvec2-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dvec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dvec3-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dvec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dvec4-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-add-dvec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dmat2-dmat2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dmat2-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dmat2x3-dmat2x3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dmat2x3-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dmat2x4-dmat2x4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dmat2x4-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dmat3-dmat3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dmat3-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dmat3x2-dmat3x2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dmat3x2-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dmat3x4-dmat3x4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dmat3x4-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dmat4-dmat4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dmat4-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dmat4x2-dmat4x2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dmat4x2-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dmat4x3-dmat4x3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dmat4x3-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-double-dmat2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-double-dmat2x3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-double-dmat2x4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-double-dmat3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-double-dmat3x2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-double-dmat3x4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-double-dmat4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-double-dmat4x2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-double-dmat4x3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-double-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-double-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-double-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-double-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dvec2-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dvec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dvec3-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dvec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dvec4-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-div-dvec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat2-dmat2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat2-dmat3x2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat2-dmat4x2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat2-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat2-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat2x3-dmat2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat2x3-dmat3x2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat2x3-dmat4x2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat2x3-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat2x3-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat2x4-dmat2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat2x4-dmat3x2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat2x4-dmat4x2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat2x4-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat2x4-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat3-dmat2x3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat3-dmat3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat3-dmat4x3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat3-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat3-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat3x2-dmat2x3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat3x2-dmat3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat3x2-dmat4x3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat3x2-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat3x2-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat3x4-dmat2x3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat3x4-dmat3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat3x4-dmat4x3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat3x4-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat3x4-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat4-dmat2x4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat4-dmat3x4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat4-dmat4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat4-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat4-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat4x2-dmat2x4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat4x2-dmat3x4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat4x2-dmat4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat4x2-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat4x2-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat4x3-dmat2x4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat4x3-dmat3x4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat4x3-dmat4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat4x3-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dmat4x3-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-double-dmat2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-double-dmat2x3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-double-dmat2x4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-double-dmat3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-double-dmat3x2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-double-dmat3x4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-double-dmat4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-double-dmat4x2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-double-dmat4x3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-double-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-double-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-double-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-double-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dvec2-dmat2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dvec2-dmat3x2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dvec2-dmat4x2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dvec2-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dvec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dvec3-dmat2x3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dvec3-dmat3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dvec3-dmat4x3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dvec3-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dvec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dvec4-dmat2x4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dvec4-dmat3x4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dvec4-dmat4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dvec4-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-mult-dvec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dmat2-dmat2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dmat2-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dmat2x3-dmat2x3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dmat2x3-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dmat2x4-dmat2x4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dmat2x4-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dmat3-dmat3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dmat3-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dmat3x2-dmat3x2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dmat3x2-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dmat3x4-dmat3x4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dmat3x4-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dmat4-dmat4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dmat4-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dmat4x2-dmat4x2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dmat4x2-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dmat4x3-dmat4x3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dmat4x3-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-double-dmat2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-double-dmat2x3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-double-dmat2x4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-double-dmat3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-double-dmat3x2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-double-dmat3x4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-double-dmat4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-double-dmat4x2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-double-dmat4x3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-double-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-double-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-double-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-double-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dvec2-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dvec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dvec3-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dvec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dvec4-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-op-sub-dvec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-outerproduct-dvec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-outerproduct-dvec2-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-outerproduct-dvec2-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-outerproduct-dvec3-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-outerproduct-dvec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-outerproduct-dvec3-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-outerproduct-dvec4-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-outerproduct-dvec4-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-outerproduct-dvec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-reflect-double-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-reflect-dvec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-reflect-dvec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-reflect-dvec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-refract-double-double-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-refract-dvec2-dvec2-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-refract-dvec3-dvec3-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-refract-dvec4-dvec4-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-round-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-round-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-round-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-round-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-roundeven-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-roundeven-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-roundeven-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-roundeven-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-sign-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-sign-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-sign-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-sign-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-smoothstep-double-double-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-smoothstep-double-double-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-smoothstep-double-double-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-smoothstep-double-double-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-smoothstep-dvec2-dvec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-smoothstep-dvec3-dvec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-smoothstep-dvec4-dvec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-sqrt-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-sqrt-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-sqrt-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-sqrt-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-step-double-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-step-double-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-step-double-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-step-double-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-step-dvec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-step-dvec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-step-dvec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-transpose-dmat2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-transpose-dmat2x3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-transpose-dmat2x4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-transpose-dmat3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-transpose-dmat3x2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-transpose-dmat3x4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-transpose-dmat4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-transpose-dmat4x2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-transpose-dmat4x3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-trunc-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-trunc-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-trunc-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-trunc-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-bool-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-bvec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-bvec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-bvec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-double-bool,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-double-float,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-dvec2-bvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-dvec2-vec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-dvec3-bvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-dvec3-vec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-dvec4-bvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-dvec4-vec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-float-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-int-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-ivec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-ivec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-ivec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-uint-double,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-uvec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-uvec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-uvec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-vec2-dvec2,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-vec3-dvec3,Fail
spec@glsl-4.00@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-vec4-dvec4,Fail
spec@glsl-4.10@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-double-float-zero-sign,Fail
spec@glsl-4.10@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-dvec2-vec2-zero-sign,Fail
spec@glsl-4.10@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-dvec3-vec3-zero-sign,Fail
spec@glsl-4.10@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-dvec4-vec4-zero-sign,Fail
spec@glsl-4.10@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-float-double-zero-sign,Fail
spec@glsl-4.10@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-vec2-dvec2-zero-sign,Fail
spec@glsl-4.10@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-vec3-dvec3-zero-sign,Fail
spec@glsl-4.10@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-vec4-dvec4-zero-sign,Fail
spec@glsl-4.20@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-double-float-zero-sign,Fail
spec@glsl-4.20@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-dvec2-vec2-zero-sign,Fail
spec@glsl-4.20@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-dvec3-vec3-zero-sign,Fail
spec@glsl-4.20@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-explicit-dvec4-vec4-zero-sign,Fail
spec@glsl-4.20@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-float-double-zero-sign,Fail
spec@glsl-4.20@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-vec2-dvec2-zero-sign,Fail
spec@glsl-4.20@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-vec3-dvec3-zero-sign,Fail
spec@glsl-4.20@execution@conversion@vert-conversion-implicit-vec4-dvec4-zero-sign,Fail
spec@glsl-es-3.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-unpackhalf2x16,Fail
spec@glsl-es-3.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-unpacksnorm2x16,Fail
spec@glsl-es-3.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-unpackunorm2x16,Fail
